Deprecate the `(Minimum)EigensolverFactory` classes (#1084)
Qiskit/qiskit-nature: docs/howtos/vqe_ucc.rst

.. _how-to-vqe-ucc:

How to use a UCC-like ansatz with a ``VQE``
===========================================

When using a :class:`~qiskit_nature.second_q.circuit.library.UCC`-style ansatz with a
:class:`~qiskit.algorithms.minimum_eigensolvers.VQE` one needs to pay particular attention to the
:attr:`~qiskit.algorithms.minimum_eigensolvers.VQE.initial_point` attribute which indicates from
which set of initial parameters the optimization routine should start.

> By default, the algorithm will start from a *random* initial point. In this how to we show how one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, VQE will start from a *random* initial point. In this how to we show how one
```
I am wondering if saying "the algorithm" is a bit vague here, given this also uses algorithms from nature - maybe explictly stating  "VQE" is clearer.
